---
title: Recent SBB Outage
short: A Stark Reminder of Critical Infrastructure Fragility
date: 2024-08-21
image: /assets/images/blog/sbb-delay.jpg
og_image: /assets/images/blog/sbb-delay.jpg
layout: post
---

On the morning of August 20, 2024, SBB (Swiss Federal Railways) faced a significant [disruption](https://news.sbb.ch/artikel/130813/nach-netzwerk-stoerung-situation-weitgehend-normalisiert) caused by a network issue. This incident triggered widespread service interruptions, affecting ticket sales, passenger information systems, and regional train operations. The fallout from this outage led to delays of up to 60 minutes, with residual disruptions persisting throughout the day. Although safety systems remained unaffected, this event highlights the fragility of our critical infrastructure.

This event underscores a harsh reality: critical infrastructure is more fragile than we often realize. When the systems we rely on for essential services break down, the consequences can ripple across entire regions, causing chaos and frustration.

Addressing these issues swiftly and effectively is no small feat, especially without the right tools to provide comprehensive insights and control. In the realm of network management, the complexity of modern systems means that pinpointing the root cause of a problem can be akin to searching for a needle in a haystack—a challenge that only intensifies as networks expand.

At NetFabric, we are committed to transforming this landscape. Our mission is building a next-generation network observability platform that unifies all your network data sources into a cohesive, seamless experience, delivering real-time answers to every network question. The future of your network doesn’t have to be uncertain. With NetFabric, you can be prepared for whatever comes next.
