---
title: Closing $2.2 Million Pre-Seed Round
short: We’re thrilled to be closing our pre-seed funding round to revolutionize network monitoring.
date: 2024-07-23
image: /assets/images/blog/NetFabricTeamSitting.jpeg
layout: post
---

<br>
<p>We are thrilled to announce that NetFabric has successfully closed a $2.2 million USD pre-seed funding round. 🚀 Led by Founderful and Playfair Capital, this investment marks a significant milestone in our journey to transform network monitoring.</p>
<br>
<h2 class="title-sentence">
    Addressing the <strong>Limitations</strong><br> of Traditional Network Monitoring
</h2>
Network monitoring faces a major challenge: downtime is a huge headache for businesses around the globe. Just a brief network outage can lead to multimillion-dollar losses—Amazon, for example, took a $34 million hit from just one hour of downtime in 2021 [[1](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/amazon-down-internet-outage-sales-b1861737.html)]. But the impact goes beyond financial loss. Downtime disrupts operations, ties up skilled engineers in time-consuming troubleshooting, and erodes customer trust.

<p>The issue with current network monitoring tools is that they offer only basic insights into the complex world of networks. They rely on fragmented data, leading to false positives and incomplete problem resolution. This often means engineers spend excessive time deciphering alerts and dealing with misleading signals, which only prolongs downtime and worsens operational inefficiencies.</p>

<p>At NetFabric, we’re addressing these pain points head-on with our innovative approach to network observability.</p>
<br>
<h2 class="title-sentence">
    Revolutionizing Network Monitoring with <strong>Mathematical Models</strong> and <strong>Machine Learning</strong>
</h2>

<p>At NetFabric, we aim to revolutionize the network monitoring world with a bold new approach. Unlike traditional solutions, NetFabric seamlessly merges observations coming from a wide range of network sources (such as routing information, forwarding tables, device configurations, and logs) into one coherent knowledge base. As a result, it delivers actionable intelligence, offering a comprehensive and accurate understanding of network issues while effectively managing the flood of alerts from conventional tools.<br><br>

NetFabric achieves this by addressing two fundamental challenges:
    <ol>
      <li><b>Network Diversity:</b> First, real-world networks vary widely in terms of deployed devices, protocols, and architecture; this network diversity causes variations in the representations of monitoring data (such as configurations, metrics, or logs), preventing one-size-fits-all monitoring solutions. NetFabric addresses this by integrating large language models (LLMs) to handle non-standard data sources and user queries effectively. </li><br>
      <li><b>Protocol Complexity:</b> Second, at their core, networks are driven by intricate protocols. With a rigorous understanding of protocol logic, network monitoring can generate valuable insights from the available data, e.g., by explaining why a given network problem was observed, and how the problem can be resolved. Since such a systematic understanding of protocols is beyond LLMs, NetFabric complements LLMs with advanced mathematical models informed by a decade of academic research. </li>
    </ol>
</p>

<p>By merging these technologies, NetFabric delivers a unified and complete view of complex networks and provides actionable insights while cutting down on false positives. This dual approach not only optimizes resource allocation but also helps organizations minimize downtime and keep their operations running smoothly.</p>
<p>
It is our mission to give enterprises a crystal-clear understanding of their networks, eliminating guesswork and freeing up engineering teams to focus on innovation and growth.</p>
<br>
<h2 class="title-sentence">
    <strong>Empowering the future</strong> of network monitoring
</h2>

<p>With $2.2 million in pre-seed funding, we’re gearing up to supercharge the development of our next-gen network observability platform. This boost will help us push boundaries and tackle the ever-evolving demands of the $197 billion network performance industry. 🚀</p>

But that's not all—we're also on the lookout for talented individuals to join our growing team and contribute to our mission, so don’t hesitate to apply for our [open roles]({{ site.baseurl }}/company/careers). Plus, we're eager to connect with potential design partners who are excited about collaborating on innovative solutions.<br><br>
[Stay tuned]({{ site.baseurl }}/contact) as we ramp up our efforts and continue to lead the way in transforming network monitoring!
